README.md, before:

# T07
Outdoor robotics platform

![T07 rendering](/docs/images/T07_rendering.png)

![T07 rendering electronics](/docs/images/T07_rendering_electronics.png)

![T07 rendering with mandeye controller](/docs/images/T07_rendering_mandeye_controller.png)

## Introduction

The T07 mini is an outdoor robotics platform intended for participation in contests like Robotem Rovne, Roboorienteering or Robotour but also for general robotic experiments. It has mounting positions for Arduino Uno and Mega boards.

## Dimensions

The chassis is 40 cm long and 20 cm wide.

The whole robot with ultrasonic sensors is depending on the wheels about 45 cm long and 35 cm wide. The weight is about 1.5 kg.

## Additional required hardware

### Motors

  * https://www.reichelt.de/getriebemotor-39-6-mm-75-1-12-v-dc-gm39-6-75-12v-p159644.html
  * https://www.ebay.de/itm/SainSmart-29-1-Metal-Gearmotor-Getriebemotor-mit-64-CPR-Encoder-12V-365rpm/113749887018
  * https://www.conrad.de/de/p/getriebemotor-12-v-modelcraft-rb350100-0a101r-1-100-227560.html

### Wheels

 * https://www.conrad.de/de/p/reely-1-10-monstertruck-komplettraeder-extreme-5-doppelspeichen-schwarz-2-st-236925.html

### Wheel Adaptor

  * https://www.ebay.de/itm/Wellenkupplung-Hex-Sechskant-Kupplung-Rad-Antrieb-Modellbau-Kupplung-Welle/162666311593

### Roller wheel

  * https://www.pollin.de/p/laufrolle-441614
  * https://radundrolle.de/seiten/Lenkrollen/Vollgummi-Lenkrolle_080.htm

### On/off Switch

  * https://www.reichelt.de/wippenschalter-rund-ip65-1x-ein-aus-sw-sw-ws-r13-112-a-sw-p105455.html

### Emergency Switch

  * https://www.reichelt.de/not-aus-schalter-yw-40-mm-2-nc-id-yw1bv4e02r-p234555.html

## electronics and software

This platform may be equipped with the hardware and software of the [Arduino on JECCbot mini project](https://github.com/generationmake/Arduino_on_JECCbot_mini).

## License

This hardware is licensed under the Creative Commons licence CC-BY-SA 4.0

Commit message:

added image from front, updated readme

README.md, after:

# T07
Outdoor robotics platform

![T07 rendering](/docs/images/T07_rendering.png)

![T07 rendering front](/docs/images/T07_rendering_front.png)

![T07 rendering electronics](/docs/images/T07_rendering_electronics.png)

![T07 rendering with mandeye controller](/docs/images/T07_rendering_mandeye_controller.png)

## Introduction

The T07 mini is an outdoor robotics platform intended for participation in contests like Robotem Rovne, Roboorienteering or Robotour but also for general robotic experiments. There is also a mounting option for the [mandeye-controller](https://github.com/JanuszBedkowski/mandeye_controller).

## Dimensions

The chassis is 40 cm long and 20 cm wide.

The whole robot with ultrasonic sensors is depending on the wheels about 45 cm long and 35 cm wide. The weight is about 1.5 kg.

## Additional required hardware

### Motors

  * https://www.reichelt.de/getriebemotor-39-6-mm-75-1-12-v-dc-gm39-6-75-12v-p159644.html
  * https://www.ebay.de/itm/SainSmart-29-1-Metal-Gearmotor-Getriebemotor-mit-64-CPR-Encoder-12V-365rpm/113749887018
  * https://www.conrad.de/de/p/getriebemotor-12-v-modelcraft-rb350100-0a101r-1-100-227560.html

### Wheels

 * https://www.conrad.de/de/p/reely-1-10-monstertruck-komplettraeder-extreme-5-doppelspeichen-schwarz-2-st-236925.html

### Wheel Adaptor

  * https://www.ebay.de/itm/Wellenkupplung-Hex-Sechskant-Kupplung-Rad-Antrieb-Modellbau-Kupplung-Welle/162666311593

### Roller wheel

  * https://www.pollin.de/p/laufrolle-441614
  * https://radundrolle.de/seiten/Lenkrollen/Vollgummi-Lenkrolle_080.htm

### On/off Switch

  * https://www.reichelt.de/wippenschalter-rund-ip65-1x-ein-aus-sw-sw-ws-r13-112-a-sw-p105455.html

### Emergency Switch

  * https://www.reichelt.de/not-aus-schalter-yw-40-mm-2-nc-id-yw1bv4e02r-p234555.html

## electronics and software

There are mounting holes for a Raspberry Pi or a [Pika Spark](https://docs.pika-spark.io/) on the controller standoff.

[CyphalRobotController07/CAN](https://github.com/generationmake/CyphalRobotController07-CAN) is the main controller board.

## License

This hardware is licensed under the Creative Commons licence CC-BY-SA 4.0
